Add getConfirmedSignaturesForAddress2 RPC method (#11259)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/apps/jsonrpc-api.md

```

### getConfirmedSignaturesForAddress2

Returns confirmed signatures for transactions involving an
address backwards in time from the provided slot

#### Parameters:
* `<string>` - account address as base-58 encoded string
* `<object>` - (optional) Configuration object containing the following fields:
  * `startAfter: <string>` - (optional) start searching backwards from this transaction signature,
                             which must be a confirmed signature for the account
                             address.  If not provided the search starts from
                             the highest max confirmed block.
  * `limit: <number>` - (optional) maximum transaction signatures to return (between 1 and 1,000, default: 1,000).

#### Results:
The result field will be an array transaction signature information, ordered
from newest to oldest transaction:
* `<object>`
  * `signature: <string>` - transaction signature as base-58 encoded string
  * `slot: <u64>` - The slot that contains the block with the transaction

>   * `err: <object | null>` - Error if transaction failed, null if transaction succeeded. [TransactionError definitions](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/blob/master/sdk/src/transaction.rs#L14)

Author: note to self: document `memo`

#### Example:

> TODO...

Author: note to self: resolve TODO

{"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":{["35YGay1Lwjwgxe9zaH6APSHbt9gYQUCtBWTNL3aVwVGn9xTFw2fgds7qK5AL29mP63A9j3rh8KpN1TgSR62XCaby","4bJdGN8Tt2kLWZ3Fa1dpwPSEkXWWTSszPSf1rRVsCwNjxbbUdwTeiWtmi8soA26YmwnKD4aAxNp8ci1Gjpdv4gsr","4LQ14a7BYY27578Uj8LPCaVhSdJGLn9DJqnUJHpy95FMqdKf9acAhUhecPQNjNUy6VoNFUbvwYkPociFSf87cWbG"]},"id":1}
```

### getConfirmedSignaturesForAddress2

Returns confirmed signatures for transactions involving an

> address backwards in time from the provided slot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
address backwards in time from the provided signature or most recent confirmed block
```

#### Parameters:
* `<string>` - account address as base-58 encoded string
* `<object>` - (optional) Configuration object containing the following fields:

>   * `startAfter: <string>` - (optional) start searching backwards from this transaction signature,

Reviewer: In my opinion, `before` would make a lot more sense here.

Author: Yes good point.  I'll make this change

Author: Done

                             which must be a confirmed signature for the account
                             address.  If not provided the search starts from
                             the highest max confirmed block.
  * `limit: <number>` - (optional) maximum transaction signatures to return (between 1 and 1,000, default: 1,000).

#### Results:

> The result field will be an array transaction signature information, ordered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result field will be an array of transaction signature information, ordered
```
